Asynchronous replication repair queue CE part (#11075)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10460-on_replication_split_brain_rollback-event.md

## feature/box

> * Added a new `box.ctl.on_replication_split_brain_rollback` event that occurs
>   when asynchronously committed transaction stored in the synchronous
>   transaction queue get rolled back by a PROMOTE request to prevent split brain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new `box.ctl.on_replication_split_brain_rollback` event that occurs
  when an asynchronously committed transaction stored in the synchronous
  transaction queue gets rolled back by a PROMOTE request to prevent split brain
```
